Update osinfo-structure.md (#16203)
dotnet/docs: docs/framework/unmanaged-api/metadata/osinfo-structure.md

  
|Member|Description|  
|------------|-----------------|  

> |`dwOSPlatformId`|One of the identifier values defined by the Microsoft Windows platform function `GetVersionEx`. The following values are supported:<br /><br /> -   VER_PLATFORM_WIN32s, or 0b0000, to specify Microsoft Windows 3.1.<br />-   VER_PLATFORM_WIN32_WINDOWS, or 0b0001, to specify Windows 95, Windows 98, or operating systems descended from them.<br />-   VER_PLATFORM_WIN32_NT, or 0b0010, to specify Windows NT or operating systems descended from it.|  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|`dwOSPlatformId`|One of the identifier values defined by the Microsoft Windows platform function `GetVersionEx`. The following values are supported:<br /><br /> -   VER_PLATFORM_WIN32s, or 0x0000, to specify Microsoft Windows 3.1.<br />-   VER_PLATFORM_WIN32_WINDOWS, or 0x0001, to specify Windows 95, Windows 98, or operating systems descended from them.<br />-   VER_PLATFORM_WIN32_NT, or 0x0002, to specify Windows NT or operating systems descended from it.|  
```

Instead of converting to binary, I would suggest converting to the correct hexadecimal number.
